# pantry-ai-recipes
The goal of this app is that you can enter the name of your ingredient and its amount in the boxes. Ingredients with the same standardized name done by gpt-5.2 are combined into one entry in database. I am proud of how i was able to get the ai working with the database. In terms of what was the hardest, it had to be working with netlify. I was not expecting to be cut off of credits as i was working on the project and I ended up in a panic trying to figure out how to fix this issue. If I were to do something differently, I would use render for the front and backend from the get go. This way i wouldnt have to struggle with functionality. I attempted to use ChatGPT to fix some of the issues with recipe ingredients and steps but I couldnt figure it out. There are comments throughout my code where i ended up using AI. Overall, I learned a ton about using the openai API's and the differences between models, for instance, gpt-5-mini is horrible for json requests. I tried using it for standardization of ingredient names and it just would not work, however, I found out GPT 5.2 is great at it. I also got exprerienced with Render and Netlify whether I liked it or not due to some of the issues I was having with it. I got really good at console logging issues to figure out what was going on. While I still have issues upon submission I feel good about the work I put in and I will continue working on it in a way that is different from my other projects. As annoying as it can be working with OpenAI's API's it is pretty fun.

